Add Psammead-Styles utility package (#44)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/utilities/psammead-styles/README.md

# psammead-styles &middot; [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-styles.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-styles) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://reactjs.org/docs/how-to-contribute.html#your-first-pull-request)

## Usage

This package is a collection of variable constants which can be imported into your application.

> 

Reviewer: Would be good to add a line with `npm install @bbc/psammead-styles` before this step.

```jsx

import { C_POSTBOX } from 'psammead-styles/colours';

import { FF_NEWS_SANS_REG } from 'psammead-styles/fonts';

> 

Reviewer 2: Are the newlines necessary in this example JSX?

Author: Fixed :)

```

## Contributing

> Psammead is completely open source and we are grateful for any contributes whether they be new components, bug fixes or improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Psammead is completely open source. We are grateful for any contributions, whether they be new components, bug fixes or general improvements.
```

### [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> Psammead has a Code of Conduct that we expect project participants to adhere to to ensure a open and welcoming environment. Please read [the full text](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) so that you can understand what actions are and arn't acceptable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome feedback and help on this work. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by the [code of conduct](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/blob/latest/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please take a moment to read it.
```

Taken from [simorgh/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/BBC-News/simorgh/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)
